Remasters:Led Zeppelin:Atlantic Records:26:Rock and roll, Black dog, Good times bad times:Digital remastered compilation.
The Colour of Spring:Talk Talk:EMI Records:8:It's my life, Happiness is easy, Life's what you make it:Definitive album from understated eighties band.
Play:Moby:Mute Records Limited:18:Honey, Find my baby, Porcelain:Mult-award winning masterpiece from small bald chap.
White Ladder:David Gray:Chrysalis Music Limited:10:Babylon, White Ladder, Sail Away:Tending towards the middle of the road.
Three feet high and rising:De La Soul:Tommy Boy Music Inc.:24:The magic number, Say no go, Me myself and I:I really was listening to hip hop before you were born!
Scarlet and other stories:All About Eve:1989 Phonogram Limited:13:Scarlet, December, Tuesday's Child:A hippy rock fusion from the mid-eighties
The Bends:Radiohead:Parlophone:12:The Bends, Just, Black Star:Award winning album, all downhill from here on.
Powerage:AC/DC:EMI Records:9:Riff Raff, Sin City, Gone shootin:Some classic tracks on this often overlooked album.
Asleep in the back:Elbow:V2 Music Limited:11:Newborn, Coming Second, Can't Stop:Much anticipated debut album, received award nominations.
Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magic:Red Hot Chilli Peppers:Warner Bros Records Inc.:17:Under the bridge, Funky Monks, Give it away:Contains language that some people may find offensive.
Hits:Pulp:Universal Island Records Limited:17:Common People, Disco 2000, Sunrise:A compilation of greatest hits.
Surrender:Chemical Brothers:Virgin Records Limited:11:Let forever be, hey boy hey girl, surrender:Dance rock fusion with numerous guest artists.
Best of Bowie:David Bowie:EMI Records:20:Space Oddity, Starman, China Girl:Every track a hit on this definitive compilation.
Singles:The Smiths:Warner Bros Records Inc.:18:Hand in glove, This charming man, Panic:Compilation of singles from the ground-breaking indie band.
The hour of the bewilderbeast:Badly drawn boy:XL Recordings:18:The shining, This song, Say it again:Mercury prize winning album.
Greatest Hits:Bob Dylan:Sony Music Entertainment Inc.:10:Blowin in the wind, Like a rolling stone, Mr tamborine man:Classic Dylan.
Edward The Great, Greatest Hits:Iron Maiden:EMI Records:16:Run to the hills, The Trouper, 2 Minutes to midnight:Compilation of studio and live tracks.
Lisa:Lisa Stansfield:BMG Records:13:Real love, All woman, Tenderly:Hit album from eighties pop idol.
Back in Black:AC/DC:Atlantic Records:10:Hell's Bells, Back in Black, Have a drink on me:Definitive heavy metal album, ranked in the top 5 ever.
Singles:The Clash:Sony Music Entertainment Inc.:18:Tommy Gun, I fought the law, Rock the casbah:Compilation of singles from definitive post-punk band.
